Here it is, aibots install-in-a-box.

Simply quote the actor-*, run-actor, and aibots-stub programs into your
muck, taking not of the dbrefs.  They contain all necessary compile
instructions and flags.  Aibots-prop _can_ take a Wizbit (and you
automatically set it, if you are a wizard).  This allows Wizard-owned bots
to check wizard properties.  The program checks for a Wiz-bit on the
program, then the wizbit of the owner of the bot.

Next, you must set on the aibots-stub program the property guts with the
number (dbref without the # sign) of run-actor.  This should look like

	@set aibots-stub=guts:nnnn    

where nnnn is the number of the program (this will be fetched as a string,
converted to an integer, then a dbref).  Then, on run-actor, you must set
(in the same manner) progam:nnnn.  For example 
	
	@set run-actor=prop:nnnn
	@set run-actor=mpi:nnnn

Do that for _each_ program.  Three steps remain.  Either you or a wizard
should register the aibot-stub as a useful regname.  Something like

	@reg aibots-stub=ai

should do the job.  Now, if you want players to be _able_ to use it, then
you should have the actor.txt put someplace such as a news file.  A local
wizard with server-side access should be able to do this for you, if you
ask nice enough :)  Finally, you need to inform the players they _can_ use
the program.  The file actor.announce should do this quite nicely (please
don't put any price tags on the programs ;^)

Now, after all this work, you get to make your own bot.  Please read
actor.txt, and good luck :)

	This installation was done by jon @ mordor
(jonsmith@fourier.physics.purdue.edu).  Suggestions or improvements on the
installation files should go to him.  He modified the actor-prop for use
with (or prevention of crashing from unauthorized access of) wiz props.
If you feel you desperately need wiz-prop access on props on the bot or
the room the bot is in, let him now, he should be able to do that for you.
This is a great program written by Triggur, and hopefully now he won't be
bothered by people like jon trying to port it :)
